Exceptions and mocking (#3)
kirschbaum-development/laravel-actions: README.md

# Laravel Actions
### A package for handling simple actions with eventing.

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/kirschbaum-development/laravel-actions)](https://packagist.org/packages/kirschbaum-development/laravel-actions)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/kirschbaum-development/laravel-actions)](https://packagist.org/packages/kirschbaum-development/laravel-actions)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/kirschbaum-development/laravel-actions/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kirschbaum-development/laravel-actions/actions)

Laravel Actions are simple job-like classes that don't interact with the queue. Actions are great to leverage when you have some simple functionality that you need to reuse.

> But why would you want to use actions you ask? Actions are great when you have small bits of code you want to extract into small testable classes. Actions can also take the place of queued jobs when you don't want or need that kind of power. Jobs also aren't a great tool if you need the results of the action right now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But why would you want to use actions you ask? Actions are great when you have small bits of code that you want to extract into small, testable classes. Actions can also take the place of queued jobs when you don't want or need that kind of power, or if you need the results of the code right now.
```

Just some grammar and phrasing suggestions. Use them if you want!

But the real power is with eventing.

This package exposes two events during your action:
- Before the action begins
- After the action completes

The special sauce here is that you get to tell the action which events you want triggered!

## Requirements

> This package requires Laravel 6.0 or higher.

Reviewer: Is there a specific version of PHP that this requires, or does it work with the base level of PHP that L6 supported?

Author: It works with base L6 which is PHP 7.2.5, I believe. I didn't want to use anything before 7.2.

Author: It requires php 7.2.5 which is L6 or higher

Author: Actually, I didn't want to support anything older than 7.2, so that left us with L6

This will create a new action class at `app/Actions/ChuckNorris.php`.

> There are three public properties ready for your events: `$before` and `$after`. You can set the ones you need and remove the others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two public properties ready for your events: `$before` and `$after`. You can use one or both of these, and you can remove either of them if you don't use them in your Action class.
```

act_unless($isChuckNorrisPuny, new ChuckNorris($data));
```

### Dependency Injection

> You can even injection actions as a dependency with your app!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can even inject actions as a dependency inside your application!
```

```php
use Kirschbaum\Actions\Contracts\Actionable;

public function index (Actionable $action)
{
    $action->act(new ChuckNorris($data));
    $action->actWhen($isChuckNorrisMighty, new ChuckNorris($data));
    $action->actUnless($isChuckNorrisPuny, new ChuckNorris($data));
}
```

## Handling Failures

> We all know Chuck Norris isn't going to fail us, but he isn't the only one using this... Handling failures is pretty easy with actions. Out of the box, any exceptions get handled by Laravel's exception handler. If you'd rather implement your own logic during a failure, add a `failed()` method to your action. It's that easy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We all know Chuck Norris isn't going to fail us, but he isn't the only one using this... Handling failures is pretty easy with actions. Out of the box, any exceptions thrown by your Action classes get handled by Laravel's exception handler. If you'd rather implement your own logic during a failure, add a `failed()` method to your action. It's that easy!
```

```php
/**
 * Handle failure of the action.
 *
 * @throws Throwable
 *
 * @return mixed
 */
public function failed(Throwable $exception)
{
    event(new VanDammeFailedEvent);
}
```

Hashtag #BAM!

### Custom Exceptions

> Another option for handling failures is to tell the action to fire its own exception. If you don't need the extra overhead of writing your own `failed()` method, you can just tell your action to throw a custom exception. It's as simple as just defining the exception you want thrown from the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option for handling failures is to tell the action to throw its own exception. If you don't need the extra overhead of writing your own `failed()` method, you can just tell your action to throw a custom exception. It's as simple as just defining the exception you want thrown from the action.
```

Is _throw_ more correct than "fire" in this context? I'm actually not sure. Maybe it's not. Now I'm second-guessing myself.

```php
/**
 * Event to dispatch if action throws an exception.
 *
 * @var string
 */
public $exception = SeagalFailedException::class;
```

## Testing

> Have no fear. Testing all of this is very straight forward. There are two approaches to testing built in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Have no fear. Testing all of this is very straightforward. There are two approaches to testing built-in.
```

### Testing Facades

> If you are using Facades to implement your actions, you can use the standard 'shouldReceive()' method directly from the Facade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using Facades to implement your actions, you can use the standard `shouldReceive()` method directly from the Facade.
```

```php
use Kirschbaum\Actions\Facades\Action;

Action::shouldReceive('act')
    ->once()
    ->andReturnTrue();
```

### Mocking

If you are using helpers, the `CanAct` trait, or dependency injection, you can easily mock the `Actionable` interface with Laravel's mocking tools.

```php
use Kirschbaum\Actions\Contracts\Actionable;

$this->mock(Actionable::class, function ($mock) {
    $mock->shouldReceive('act')
        ->once()
        ->andReturnTrue();
});
```

## Last thoughts

> If for some reason you'd prefer not to use the cool eventing system, facades, mocking, etc., that's fine. Just call your action like this:

Reviewer 2: You used name nomenclature on Facades earlier, so I would try to maintain that throughout the document
```suggestion
If for some reason you'd prefer not to use the cool Eventing System, Facades, Mocking, etc., that's fine. Just call your action like this:
```
